---
layout: doc
category: docs
title: FAQ 
permalink: /docs/faq.html
---


# Frequently Asked Questions #
Some common questions about Crowbar usage, and how to resolve them.

- **Question**: Why are my custom barclamps deleted when I build Crowbar?
- **Answer**: The dev tool only builds what is committed to your git repository. Commit your new barclamp and try again.

----------


- **Question**: Can I boot the Crowbar admin node from an ISO image instead of a CD/DVD drive?
- **Answer**: Yes. Ensure that you have a DHCP/BootP service enabled, and that it contains the ISO that you want to use. Then, point the Crowbar admin node's boot device to that image.

----------


- **Question**: Why are my nodes stuck in "discovered" mode?
- **Answer**: You must allocate the nodes with barclamps via Crowbar before you can use them.

----------


- **Question**: Can I deploy barclamps via Crowbar on disks over 2TB in size?
- **Answer**: Yes, with the exception of Swift.

----------


- **Question**: Does Dell support deploying multiple OpenStack environments with a single Crowbar admin node?
- **Answer**: No, this is not a supported configuration. Configure a Crowbar admin node for each OpenStack environment.

----------


- **Question**: I cannot PXE boot a node that I added to my cluster. I get a "redundant login" error message.  Why?
- **Answer**: You may have a PXE boot server conflicting with the Crowbar installer running on the admin node. Power off the Crowbar admin node, then attempt to PXE boot the new node. If the new node PXE boots, you have a conflicting PXE boot server. Power off the new node, disable the conflicting server, restart the Crowbar admin node, then power on the new node to allow it to PXE boot from the Crowbar admin node.

----------


- **Question**: Can I install OpenStack and Crowbar if my servers only have two disks per node?
- **Answer**: Yes. The RAID barclamp will automatically configure the the nodes for optimal disk usage.

----------


- **Question**: Does the Crowbar admin node have to be installed upon a physical server in order to send IPMI control messages?
- **Answer**: No, you can install the Crowbar admin node on a virtual server, and sucessfully send IPMI control messages.

----------


- **Question**: Instances for tenants in my OpenStack environment can ping other tenants' instances. I don't want that! What can I do to prevent that from happening?
- **Answer**: Edit the Nova barclamp to set "Use Tenant VLANs" to "True", then re-deploy.

----------


- **Question**:  I have modified a recipe file in a barclamp. Do I have to delete the existing barclamp in order for Crowbar to implement it?
- **Answer**:  No.  Just re-apply the barclamp proposal in Crowbar.
